community puzzle
  each time someone puts a piece together they get a point
  when the puzzle gets complete then everyone that put together at least 5 pieces on it gets an extra 30 points
  show top ranking players with their remaining points ( bragging rights )
  points and rank are the same except rank is the overall total of points
  people can use their points to submit their own puzzles to the community puzzle queue
  also can reactive puzzles from the inactive queue of completed puzzles. this also costs points
  costs points to move a puzzle up or down in a queue.
    move a puzzle to the top out of 30 puzzles would require 300 points?
  first two puzzles in queue are fixed. no changing them in queue
  let players subscribe to the puzzle queue updates via email
  benefit of completing a puzzle is to be able to move another puzzle to the top of queue right before completion.
    allows active player to choose which puzzles get put in community queue
    other players can work together to move a puzzle up in queue
  rss feed of new puzzles
  ad supported
  when a puzzle is finished it gets put in an inactive queue
  if there are no more puzzles in the community queue then one gets pulled from the inactive queue

buying puzzles
  players can buy puzzles.
  upload a photo to make into a puzzle
  invite other players
  puzzle is deactivated after a certain time period
  can reactivate for the same price? or use points to reactivate.
  players don't earn points by putting together private puzzles

User accounts
  unregistered users auto login with no bit icon set (or a plain one)
  after they earn a score of 15 points the 'pick a bit' dialog appears
  that bit icon is no longer available in the pool
  
puzzle stats widget
  list of everyone that worked on the puzzle.  (only while it's in the active puzzle?)


puzzles in queue don't have a link to the puzzle. only way to play them before they are available on front page is to share the link to them from the person who added it. no points for these.

image editing
http://developers.aviary.com/featherapi
